Add signing of Identifiables (#523)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs-api: documentation/IDTA-01002-3/modules/ROOT/pages/signatures.adoc

////
Copyright (c) 2023 Industrial Digital Twin Association

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).

> SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

Reviewer: no typo

////

[#signatures]
= Signatures

Some use cases of the Asset Administration Shell require the proof that data has not been changed and that it is still the original data of the AAS originator.
An example is a device manufacturer supplying to an integrator supplying to a plant operator. The plant operator wants to check the remained integrity of the device manufacturer's AAS.

> The AASX package format includes the possibility of signing an AASX package, but this is seldomly used. AASX packages can also not be protected by AAS security and access rules. This is why signatures are needed as part of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AASX package format includes the possibility of signing an AASX package, but this feature is not used very often. AASX packages can also not be protected by AAS security and access rules. This is why signatures are needed as part of the API.
```

> The AASX package format includes the possibility of signing an AASX package, but this is seldomly used. AASX packages can also not be protected by AAS security and access rules. This is why signatures are needed as part of the API.

Reviewer: no typo

> Different levels of API signatures have been investigated by the IDTA TF Security, including JWS (JSON Web Signature) or JAdES (JSON advanced digital signature). This version explains and defines new endpoints /$signed for AAS, Submodel and ConecptDescription, which provide a plain text JWS.

Reviewer: bad style: do not mention that something was discussed, of course alternatives were discussed. remove mentioning of any task force etc. in normative text, this can only be done in the Preamble

> Different levels of API signatures have been investigated by the IDTA TF Security, including JWS (JSON Web Signature) or JAdES (JSON advanced digital signature). This version explains and defines new endpoints /$signed for AAS, Submodel and ConecptDescription, which provide a plain text JWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different levels of API signatures have been investigated by the IDTA TF Security, including JWS (JSON Web Signature) or JAdES (JSON advanced digital signature). 
This version explains and defines new endpoints /$signed for AAS, Submodel and ConceptDescription, which provide a plain text JWS.
```
